Please state your name, age, and occupation.
Uh… Taro. Tanaka Taro. I'm 27... and I'm a pharmacist.
Taro holds his head in his hands.
His head is pounding, and his ears are ringing.
Please tell me what happened on March 23rd, 20XX.
That girl was smirking at Taro and holding a telecom. Numbers are skyrocketing on a hologram above her arm.
I… I was...
Ugh, my head is pounding. What time is it? What is that noise?
He holds his arm up, his forearm opening up to a touchscreen panel. It displays the time, which is around 5:32.
He glances outside towards the window, and a siren is blaring.
Ugh, this again?
Taro's telecom buzzes lightly.
Suddenly, he hears a crash outside his apartment.
The door is being rattled. Taro immediately jolts up.
He grabs the closest makeshift weapon he can find
Taro noticed a ringing noise.
Suddenly, an advertisement pop-up displays in Taro's peripheral vision.
{b}{i}[Need protection for you and your family? Try our brand new ZT Rifle]{/i}{/b}
Where's that baseball bat I had lying around?
What the hell is even going on outside?
More crashes come from outside his door.
It's probably in the closet.
Taro goes to his closet, quickly whipping out a worn-out wooden bat.
{b}{i}[Out for a swing with your friends? Try our new Aluminium baseball bats!]{/i}{/b}
This'll be enough to scare them off.
He hesitates as he stands in front of the door, taking a deep breath.
He readies himself for what's to come.
He quickly rushes through the door, suddenly seeing a figure.
All Taro could tell was that this kid was much younger than him.
Taro could see that his eyes were frantic.
They both stare at each other, eyes locked as they seem to be sizing each other up.
GIMME ALL YER MONEY!!!
Buzz off kid, I haven't got any money.
The kid suddenly stabs him with something, then dashes off.
What the hell?!
Taro clutches the area where he was stabbed, ripping out the knife as fast as he could. His eyes were wide. What just happened?
{b}{i}[If you require a good set of knives then, Japan has got you covered with these set of high-quality Carbon Steel knives! Perfect for all your kitchen needs]{/i}{/b}
Taro's Telecom buzzes.
Throwing down the knife, he tries to bolt towards his attacker, but suddenly collapses in the hallway.
Crap...
The attacker slowly moves back toward him. However, all Taro can see is a blur.
He has enough energy to grip his head.
He's paralysed from whatever was in the knife. He passes out.
...{w=2} {b}{i}[If you need to capture escaped animals, try our powerful horse tranquilizers today!]{/i}{/b}
I'm not sure what happened in between where I was stabbed and after I got patched up by the doctor.
Please, go on.
Taro groans as he slowly comes to. He's sitting in an office, but ... Children were running around on the floor, and various people were sitting on the ground.
This clearly wasn't a waiting room, but it sure looked like one.
How the hell did I get here…?
Taro?
A girl approaches him, She has a gentle smile on her face but still has a concerned look on her face.
Taro looks up, eye brightening when he realises it's a familiar face. Suko Yui, his senior and the woman who ran the sector clinic.
If you're here...{w=1.2} that means I'm hurt again, right?
Yeah, You didn't look soo good.
Taro looks down at torso.
Bandages, all around his stomach area.
Taro's telecom buzzes once more.
You better get that thing fixed, don't want it to cause problems later.
I think I have a toolkit around here somewhere.
Since when were you a technician?
Taro smirks.
Very funny, you wise guy.
She smiles again.
I'm not getting paid to stand around doing nothing.
Now stay there and don't move, I'm going to find something to fix you up with.
She exits the room.
Taro looks around, concerned about the number of people here.
It's almost a fire hazard, with how many people are there.
A scream could be heard from a few rooms over…
That sounds awful...
He looks over his shoulder when he hears a few clicks from someone else.
The man next to him seems to be breathing instead heavily. He looked incredibly out of shape, and quite frankly, smelled off.
There was an irritating buzz emitting from him.
Peeking over at the stranger's telecom, he saw him scrolling on The Company's website, mindlessly browsing the services they offered.
However, looking down in the corner for his credit balance… It seemed like it was in the negatives and went down slightly more and more as the minutes ticked.
Hey... you're in negative balance there.
The large man slowly turned his head towards Taro and gives me a steely-eyed look.
Mind your own business buddy.
Taro's telecom buzzes again.
Taro blinks, and then shakes his head a bit.
Oh... uh yeah, whatever man.
He goes back to scrolling through his telecom, giving judgemental glances back at Taro.
What was your relationship with Miss Sawako?
Well...
Hey, Taro! My piece won the last competition!
A girl approaches him, still in uniform despite it being the weekend.
That's great news Sawako!
A bright smile fills her face, a canvas in her arms.
The painting was a gorgeous portrait of the Company's President at the time.
The soft strokes and detailed eyes were always part of Sawako's style.
This one includes deep blues and greens.
When Sawako was drawing, she mentioned something about the fluidity and how adaptable the President was.
They said they loved the way I portrayed the President!
Congrats! I'm happy for you, Sawako. Long live the President Right? haha.
Sawako's cheeks turn bright pink, and she gives Taro a hearty smile.
Yes, long live indeed.
They both laugh at each other
After Sawako left for college, a lot changed about her.
She became one of the wealthiest people in the upper sectors, under the President's salary.
Taro hesitates as he sits back in his seat.
(Has this office always been soo messy?)
Taro's telecom buzzes again.
Taro?
Yui comes back, a toolkit in her hand.
I can fix you up now.
You really have to clean this place up.
{w=1.2}...
Yui simply stares at Taro in the eyes as she starts repairing his telecom.
I won't charge you for it this time, but please be more careful.
Thanks Yui, you're a life-saver. Literally.
...{w=1.2}Stop spurting out nonsense, It's my job.
Taro sheepishly rubs the back of his head.
{b}{i}[Have someone special in your life? Send them a Digital Gift Card!]{/b}{/i}
N-No, It's not what you think!
Sorry?
Taro blinks for a second as his telecom buzzes.
Uh... n-nothing.
What has gotten into you Taro?
I don't know, you're the one that said something about a gift card!.
A gift card? What are you talking about Taro?
You must be really sick.
Get some rest then. I can fix you up later.
Yeah...Okay, I'll do that then.
After Taro leaves the building, Yui holds her own telecom to her mouth.
...Yes, there is a man who is walking around with a faulty telecom... Taro Tanaka...
Taro looks around and realises that he is in Sector 1. Taro lives in Sector 12, very far from here
I should stop by Hikari's house instead.
After a few minutes of walking, he reaches Hikari's home
He walks up to the building and enters a house, a sign reading "Sugita Residence."
Hello? Anyone home?
The room is a complete mess. Several laptops were open, files were all over the floor, along with junk food wrappers. A girl sits at the desk, looking mildly disgruntled.
She swivels her chair towards Taro, running her fingers through her brown bob, her pyjamas wrinkled from sitting for too long.
She glares at Taro from her desk.
Oh, it's you.
Hey Hikari, mind if I stay in your guest room for the night?
If it's one night then fine.
Sweet.
Taro slumps down on the couch in the room.
So why are you in this sector?
Is it such a shock to you that I might just want to visit?
Well yes... You haven't spoken to me in years, let alone visted me.
Okay well, I got hurt real bad today, so Doc patched me up.
And there's the reason for your freeloading.
Hikari turns back to her desk and starts typing out on her keyboard.
It's not freeloading, It's you helping out a friend in need.
Hikari doesn't seem interested in talking to Taro anymore.
Oh come on Hikari, don't be like that!
Maybe you should look at yourself first before you judge others.
What are you talking about Hikari?
Well.
Hikari swivels her chair around to face Taro.
You haven't messaged me in years, you never send me birthday wishes and you don't ever visit me.
Then all of a sudden you turn up and ask for a favour when you've done nothing to help me!
It's like I barely even exist to you anymore!
The sadness on Hikari's face is very obvious to Taro now.
Taro's telecom buzzes again.
Hikari... I had no idea you felt this way.
Why didn't you say something?
Because you're always on that damn Telecom all day, you're too busy with it to notice anything!
You're just like everyone else, too busy to spend time with those care about them!
Always going on about profits and stock prices. It pisses me off!
The only reason I haven't kicked you out already is because I still considered you as a friend!
(Man, I feel really bad for what I did now.)
Hikari... I didn't mean to barge in like this.
Hikari stares at Taro for a few moments, before getting up from her chair and walking up to him.
Taro backs off a little.
H-h-hey, you're getting really close!
Hikari holds Taro's arm, observing it closely.
Something's wrong...
Hikari feels Taro's telecom buzzing.
What are you talking about? Get off me!
Taro yanks his arm away from Hikari.
Honestly, didn't you learn about personal space in elementary school?
I think you should leave.
Okay then, I will! Before you try and grope me again!
Honestly, You'd think your head wasn't wired properly or something!
Taro storms out of the house.
(Jeez, what's up with her?)
Taro decides to go for a stroll around the city.
Taro wandered all the way to the east end of the city.
Suddenly he bumps into somebody.
Hey! Watch where you're go-
Taro? is that you?
Huh? Me?... {w=1.0} Mitsu?
It is you! Long time no see!
Oh, yeah, how's it going Mitsu?
Shima Mitsu was… really something. He used to look pretty formal, his hair neat and wearing more strict clothes, even out of school.
His household was always very traditional and strict. Their lifestyle affected Mitsu in school, but now that he was out...
He practically looked like a supermodel when I saw him.
Taro almost didn't recognise him. The boy who used to wear his school uniform everywhere now was much more mainstream.
Been doing pretty good! And you?
Yeah you know, just being stabbed and all. What's up with the hair?
Oh this? Yeah I dyed it.
Why would you do something like that?
Cuz it looks cool haha, also the prez is rockin this hairdo as well.
Taro's telecom buzzes.
I think you look like Yakuza.
Yakuza?! What are you trying to get at?
Taro's telecom buzzes again.
Oh uh.. nothing... sorry I gotta go!
Taro runs down the street.
Hey wait! Get your ass over here!
Ahhh! It's him!
Shima! I love you!!
Hey, get off me! Taro wait!
I-I think I'm gonna puke.
Taro's Telecom is buzzing like crazy now.
God what is up with this thing?
He holds his arm up to see what's going on
Taro notices that his telecom is sparking and making static noises.
When did it get this badly beaten up?
I need to take a breather...
Taro heads to the skywalk.
Taro sits down on the edge of the skywalk, looking down at the city.
I never realized how loud this place was...
Looking up, he could see the streets and paths intertwining with each other. The lights of the city were blinding from this angle.
I don't remember this place being such an eye-sore.
He closes his eyes briefly. All those things Hikari said became clear to him.
I need to go see her.
Hikari! I need to talk to you!
I told you to leave!
This is important! I'm sorry for never visiting you, I'm sorry for never messaging you.
And I'm sorry I never wished you happy birthday...{w=2.0} including today.
Happy birthday Hikari.
Hikari blinks and stares at Taro for a second.
Taro...
Hikari snaps out of it and stands up from her desk.
No, Taro, you need to leave now! They're after you!
Who is they?
There is no time to explain, you need to hide!
But where would I go?
Near the west side of the city is my studio, you'll be safe there!
Head there now, Hurry!
Got it, I'll head there right now!
...Wait. Taro.
Thanks.
Taro gives Hikari a cheeky grin before running off.
As Taro is running through the streets, bumping into loads of people, he stumbles onto the ground.
It was only a matter of minutes before Taro heard the sirens go off.
He gets up and starts running away, only to hear cars going after him.
He only stops when a helicopter suddenly lands much too close, and he's knocked backward, nearly falling over.
The helicopter… It had the Company's logo on it.
A girl on a microphone sticks her head out.
Hey! Get in.
Taro hesitates, about to scramble backward, but the police sirens are getting louder.
You're gonna get caught if you don't come in.
He reluctantly runs over to the helicopter, the girl pulling him in. She motions to the pilot, who quickly begins to lift off.
A silence fills the air as the girl beside him settles down, rather elegantly.
Who.. are you?
You can call me Chiisato.
Taro frowns deeply, staring straight at her.
...Why did you save me?
I can't help but be a little curious about someone who managed to go under the radar of our security and somehow disable their telecom.
It wasn't me who did it!
The signs don't lie.
Chiisato points to your telecom arm, buzzing and sparking.
I don't know how it got like this, Honest!
Likely story.
It's the truth, I swear!
We'll see about that when we land.
Where are you taking me?
Chiisato remains silent. The only sounds Taro hears now are the sounds of the helicopter rotors.
After what seemed like hours, the helicopter lands and the guards grab Taro by the arms as Chiisato steps out.
The guards follow Chiisato as she walks through a door.
The guards seat Taro opposite to Chiisato, in what seems like a fancy restaurant.
We'll take two orders of lamb, and two glasses of Bandol rosé.
...This place is way too fancy...
Now then... care to explain how you got your telecom damaged?
I already told you, I don't know!
You are testing my patience boy.
Don't pretend like I don't know you were conspiring with your little friend Miss Hikari
Taro's face pales as she brings up her names. How much did she know about him?
Chiisato seems to smirk at his reaction.
It's pretty easy to track people with telecoms. After all, we take their information for safety reasons.
As for your friend… I can't guarantee that she will be safe anymore.
We, the Company, are here to ensure that everybody is guaranteed safety aand security in their lives. We can't have people like you two compromising that.
Chiisato takes a sip of the glass beside her, casually staring out the window.
It's about time for you to go.
Go where..?
I'll take it from here.
The agent points a gun at Taro, and before he can react, he blacks out.
Taro wakes up in an extremely dark room, everything but the agent is pitch black
Thank you. We'll take everything from here. Please rest while we fix your telecom and help you forget.
What are you ging to do with me?...
We are simply going to erase your memories and then repair your telecom so you can go on about your normal daily life.
Please do not resist as we are authorized to use lethal force if necessary
But before we proceed with the procedure, I am going to require you to tell me everything that happened to you up until now.
Taro's mind blacks out for a moment as he reminisces about the past
Hikari! What did you put down for your future job homework?
I want to be a teacher one day! So, I can help people like Mrs Nakamura does. After all, she taught me a lot of what I know today! What about you, Taro?
I think I want to be a police officer! That way, I can beat up bad guys who hurt other people. I want to protect good people!
Do you really think we can be a teacher and a cop?
Well, we both want to help good people, and I think we're good people. So, I think we will!
...I hope I saved someone from this dark world.
